				Stock Market  Prediction And Analysis
 					Made by 

				Vimal Kushwaha    : 11804404 	-module-1
				Mohammad Wazid : 11804412	-module-2
				Shoaib Shabir        : 11805165	-module-3
				Hanuman Sihag     :11804342	-module-4

				Submited to :  Ankita wadhwan
				Subject code:  int-404
				Section	     :  k18sb 
				Subject 	      :Artificial Intelligence 



Defination:

Stock market prediction is the act of trying to determine the future value of a company stock
or other financial instrument traded on an exchange. The successful prediction of a stock's
future price could yield significant profit. 

Description:

in this project we have made stock market prediction and analysis application through this application 
invester and user can easily predict the future  value of company stock  .They evaluate a company's past
 performance as well as the credibility of its accounts. Many performance ratios are created that aid the 
fundamental analyst with assessing the validity of a stock.

We have four member in this group and divided this project into four diffrent module each 
Module is performed by each member.

The Modules are:-

Module-1:    	  Importing Datasets And Collecting Data

it's a very important initial step of our project this part is done by our team member and professional programmer 
vimal kushwaha.
in this module we have used pandas library for reading to csv data file . we have also use pandas datareader library
for importing online data 

Module-2:	 Resempling Data    

Resampling  involves changing the frequency of your time series observations.
two types of resampling..
	1.down sampling :
		where you decrease the frequency of the samples
		example: changing days into months

	2.up sampling:
		where  you increase the frequency of the samples.
		examples: minutes into seconds
i have used there matplotlib library and matplotlib.dates library for for timestamp.
this part is very usefull  for analysing data and evaluate past perfomance of company stock . 
i have used  there four company data .
companies are AMD, Intel Corporation, Nvidia , Qualcomm.
it's essential part of our project this part is done by our senior programmer Mohammad Wazid.


Module-3:	 Sneak Peek into Moving Averages

	it's  basis of daily percentage of treding and time.  i also import seaborn library and matplotlib library
	we have made diffrent plots this part is also shows which company data is more stable. user can see  
	the easily company perfomance and he can invest his profitable company
	
	this part is done by our python coder and pcap certified Mr. shoaib shabir.


Module-4: 	 Analysing Volatility of Stocks

	it's important final part of our project in this part client can easily analysing volatility .
	the volatility of stock is a measurement of the change in variance in the return of a stock over a specific
 	period of time 
	
	this part is done by our buisness manager Mr. hanuman sihag .
	

	 



 






 